# Gentle Glow for Adium

* Version 1.4.1
* Eris <eris.discord@gmail.com>
* Created 10 October 2010
* Last Updated 19 January 2012

## Hacking

If you'd like to start hacking on GentleGlow (and who wouldn't), you're going to need a recent version of Ruby and a few gems.

### The bare necessities

These are the gems that are absolutely required to compile.

* coffee-script
* json
* rake
* sass (for 1.5.0 and newer)
* less (for v1.4.1 and older)

### Test-driving your changes

You'll probably want to install Sinatra if you plan to do any extensive hacking, because your choices are basically either that or run `rake install` and restart Adium every time you change something.

Start the server with `rake mockup` and visit <http://localhost:4567> in your favorite browser, as long as it's Chrome or Safari.

### Building and installing

To build a tarball suitable for passing around to your friends, just run `rake package` and look in `dist/` for the result.

To install the message style automatically, use `rake install`.

A quick `rake -T` will show the other available tasks.

### Using Embed.ly

Support for Embed.ly is now included in the source, but—in the interest of
_not_ spreading around an API key—is disabled by default. To enable it, you
will need to get an Embed.ly API key and add it to `package.yaml` under
`api-keys`. It should look something like this:

    api-keys:
      tumblr: yourtumblrkeypleasedontusemineoriwillcomeandfindyou
      embedly: yourembedlykeybecauseimnotsureicandistributemine

## Credits & Acknowledgements

Gentle Glow began life as a heavily modified version of Ayumi Yonosa's
[1337][] message style with support for proportional fonts, but it quickly
evolved into a whole different animal. I'd be surprised if any vestige of the
original remains, but the inspiration is still there. Thank you, Ayumi!

Color hashing uses the Unix ELF hash algorithm, adapted from Ruby 1.8's
implementation in `rb_str_hash`.

JavaScript magic is provided by [jQuery][].

Select graphics taken from [app-bits][] iPhone toolbar icon set.

## License

Since the base I started from was released under a rather permissive license,
it would only be right to release a derivative work under similarly liberal
terms.

Consider this CC-BY-NC-SA. As with those who came before, I would appreciate
acknowledgement if this style is used as a jumping off point for your own
project. Don't try to sell it. If you to make derivative works, be liberal in
your terms as well.

### app-bits iPhone toolbar icons

This license applies to the following files.

* `files/Incoming_icon.png`
* `files/images/icons/*.png`

These icons are released under the Creative Commons license and can be used
on any media, for commercial or non-commercial purposes. The icons may not be
modified in any way. We would appreciate if app-bits could be mentioned when
the icons are used!

### Steven Levithan's parseUri

The following is based on code by Steven Levithan and as such is available
under the terms of the MIT license.

* `scripts/uri.coffee`

### My Reddit Ponies

The pony emotes have been taken more-or-less wholesale from
[r/mylittlepony][]. I claim no authorship rights for this stylesheet; it was
created by one or more of that subreddit's admins.

[Used with permission][ponythread].

* `stylesheets/lib/preview/reddit-ponies.scss`

[1337]: http://www.adiumxtras.com/index.php?a=xtras&xtra_id=4042
[app-bits]: http://app-bits.com/
[jQuery]: http://jquery.com
[ponythread]: http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/comments/km0gz/rmylittlepony_admins_under_what_terms_am_i/
[r/mylittlepony]: http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony
